for this we need a stipler
pliers piece of wire
burlap but also canisters with mining
we will not shoot the old sackcloth
no more time over
we wind a tree trunk and a stapler
attract to it was a carpenter
the upper edge do not hammer here we will
pour the work over in your pocket
example we twist the wire do it
gently three corners we bend to
the animal did not hurt the axis
and plentifully water the dressing from work
diesel fuel
fill in the inner pockets
at the same time the smell of mining with diesel fuel
selects the spirit of human presence
prescribe burlap is not very long
time is saved
working out reduces the fluidity of diesel fuel
leaves with a good smell smell of diesel fuel
very persistent will be a long time with
prilla puke the beast into the surrounding
locality
successful all hunting